[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Island life keeps
getting stranger and stranger.
After eating tainted spinach,
Nadia grew ill,
which drove Jean and Marie into
the jungle for medicinal herbs.
Jean discovered
medicine of a different sort.
Overcome with gratitude,
Nadia entreated
the delusional Jean
to stay with her and gave him
his first real kiss.
Will our heroes
ever find the time
to discover
the secret of Blue Water?
[whimsical music playing]
So, you remember nothing?
I found the glowing mushroom in
that cave and then it got foggy.
Oh, I see.
Did I do anything,
something awful?
Well, it wasn't very nice, no.
Oh, no.
Yes. Oh, well.
You should be glad you aren't
able to remember it now.
It sounds really terrible.
Ew.
You are lucky,
but Nadia remembers.
-Oh.
-[Nadia] This feels so good.
I never expected
to take a shower on this island.
It's good to have
an inventor around, eh?
Marie wants to take
a shower when she's done.
You know?
I've said it before but
you really are a genius, Jean.
Genius is simply 1%
inspiration, 99% perspiration.
Hey, who said that, huh?
The great scholar Jean,
-Jean Roque Raltique.
-Jean Roque Raltique?
Your relative?
No, he's me.
[chuckles] Jean.
That's a pretty clever quote.
Don't you think?
I should publish it
before someone steals it.
Hi, Nadia.
-This is for your hair.
-[gasps] Huh?
Oh, great. You made shampoo?
I made it from seaweed, so
you don't have to rinse it out.
And it...
Naughty boy, don't look.
[Nadia humming]
Naughty? She didn't get angry?
I know. I--
[clattering]
[Nadia] Hey, the shower stopped.
Oh, darn it. It's broken.
It's going to take me
a little while to fix it.
[Nadia] Oh, well.
I guess I'll have to wait.
Thanks.
I really liked it though.
I'll try your shampoo later
after you fix it,
and thanks for
making it, Jean. Bye.
That's strange. She's not angry.
Maybe she's had
more bad spinach.
[growls]
[Nadia]
Hey, Jean, how do I look?
I thought I'd try something
a bit different, you like it?
What did you make it from? Huh?
What happened to the curtain?
Come on, Jean, say it's nice.
Oh, uh, it's nice. Very nice.
Thanks a lot. Bye.
[Marie] Stop right there.
Don't you run away from me.
Oh, you think you're too fast?
I bet I know how I can stop you.
Let's see if you can outrace
my flying stick.
Here it comes. Watch out!
[thudding sound]
[laughing]
You're far too little to
get away from me, young man.
You should have
learned that evil never wins.
[King crying]
Now, you just keep crying
and do what I tell you.
[laughing]
[screaming]
[explosions]
[thuds]
[playful music playing]
[Marie] King, King,
let's play Gratan now.
Marie will play Gratan this time
and King will
play Gargoyle's tank.
Here comes the Gratan.
[laughs]
You think you can stop me?
[King cries]
[Jeans grunts]
[yawns]
Oh, how peaceful,
it gets so quiet here.
-[King cries]
-[Jean] Marie and King
[Marie] Isn't this fun?!
-are still getting along.
And Nadia is starting
to act like a normal person.
Our days in the Nautilus
are behind us now.
So, the rest of our lives
are waiting ahead of us.
Will we stay here for long?
Will we live on
this island forever?
Right. I must talk to her.
-[Nadia] Jean.
-Hmm?
Right. We'll talk, right now.
Just put
your ear to it like this.
-We need to talk, Nadia.
-Shh, I can't hear.
-[groans]
-It sounds just like the ocean.
[birds chirping]
Wanna try it?
Hmm!
See? Can you hear it?
Like waves crashing inside.
[cries]
Done. You ready?
I'll turn it on.
Hold on just a second, Jean.
Ready.
Okay, here it comes.
[Nadia] Will it break again?
It'll be good this time.
I need to redesign it.
-But it's good for tonight.
-[Nadia] Why is that?
[Jean]
Because I'm cranking it by hand.
Well, can you see it?
[Nadia] I see something,
but I don't see it clearly.
[Jean] That's funny.
This isn't in focus at all.
The eyepiece is missing.
Aha!
This telescope doesn't have
any way to secure the eyepiece.
It should work now.
[Nadia] I don't see it.
Move it a little to the right.
-See it?
-[Nadia] There it is.
Did the moon move?
No, but we did.
[Nadia] But we stayed here.
[Jean] You see, Nadia, the Earth
rotates on its axis once a day.
So, it looks like
the moon is moving.
Rotates?
A famous scientist named
Copernicus
was able to figure
out this theory.
Then Galileo went on to prove it
even though no one believed him.
Everyone at the time
thought the heavens
revolved around the Earth.
But Galileo used a telescope
to show them the truth.
It's called
the Heliocentric Theory.
The people thought he was
telling lies
to shake their beliefs
in the Church's teachings.
And he was persecuted for it.
I'm sorry, that's boring.
Mm-mm, not at all.
You know everything.
Not nearly.
There's so much to know.
I wish I could study forever.
I wish I could.
You know,
we depend on you so much.
We depend on you to survive.
Without you, I'd be...
I'd...
Nadia?
I promise to take you
to your birthplace someday.
[Jean gasps]
[shouts]
[waves crashing]
[King cries]
Jean?
Nadia...
that was it.
-That was my first real kiss.
-[Nadia] Hmm?
[Jean]
What I mean is with a girl.
Was it your first?
Oh, Jean.
I'm curious.
Was it your first?
My second.
[yells]
Your second?
Who was the first?
It was someone
who was very close to me.
Someone close, huh?
-Was it Sanson?
-No, it wasn't.
You mean it was Hanson?
Oh, that's very funny.
-The cook?
-Please stop it!
-The chief helmsman then?
-Shut up!
-Engineer?
-No, no.
-Aiko?
-Wrong again.
-The navigator?
-[groans]
Of course, the science chief.
Just shut up!
It's so rude to ask a girl
a question like that!
Oh, I'm sorry.
And I'm sorry that my first kiss
was with a rotten boy,
-you don't remember?
-Huh?
Idiot.
You...
You forgot it.
Monster!
[Nadia crying]
Ew!
You are lucky,
but Nadia remembers.
How could I be so blind?
Oh, no.
I'm such an idiot! [groans]
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[yawning]
Good morning, King.
What's the matter, boy?
Are you not
feeling well? [gasps]
-Jean, wake up. Hurry!
-[moans]
Nadia, King turned into a log.
Look. Huh?
Some kind of a message.
[Marie] I didn't know he could
do that.
Can you read it, Nadia?
Well, "meow, meow, meow,
meow, meow, meow, meow,
meow, meow, meow, meow
meow, meow, meow, meow, meow,
meow, meow, meow, meow, meow..."
[meowing]
[dramatic music playing]
[water splashing]
What did he mean?
"In the end, I am an animal,
so I will return to the world
of animals
to concentrate
on myself for a while."
He ran away from us.
[Jean] King!
[Marie] King!
[Nadia] King!
I wonder where
he could have run off to.
I didn't expect
the island to be so enormous.
Yes. And we'll need to search
all of the caves.
-The caves?
-Right.
Where I found all
of the mushrooms.
Mushrooms?
I'm sorry. I didn't
mean to bring that up.
Don't you realize I was
trying to forget about that?
You're infuriating.
I'm really sorry.
Is there any way you can
ever possibly forgive me?
I'll try to make it up to you.
I don't need a pathetic excuse
for a boy following me.
But I'm sorry.
Now we'll form search parties.
Marie and I will search
through the jungle.
You can look for
him up on the mountain.
Oh.
I'm sure it will
be a really easy climb
for such a heartless boy as you.
-Come along, Marie.
-[Marie] I'm coming.
How would being
heartless make it easy?
[birds chirping]
Where did he go?
[gasps] I should try to use
my special powers.
"Special powers"?
Didn't I tell you that I have
the power to communicate
-with animals using my mind?
-Oh, right.
Well?
No, he didn't answer me.
Nadia, are you sure
that you're able to do that?
His heart was broken because
I was indifferent to him.
Yes. I was mean to him, too.
I'm sorry.
[sighs]
Oh, I wish my
powers were a bit stronger.
[wind howling]
It's no use.
I could find him easier
if I had an aeroplane.
If I were smarter,
I could invent more things.
Maybe I can build
an aeroplane
that will take us
off the island.
I could also use it to
take Nadia to Africa,
then she'd be happy again.
Of course, I'd have to build
it big enough
to carry Marie and King, too,
but then there's not really
any room to make a runway,
so there'd be no place to
take off
unless I built a water plane,
in which case, we could
take off right from the ocean.
So why don't I go and do that?
Yes.
Good.
Right. Hmm?
[screaming]
[thuds]
[birds chirping]
[Jean] Phew! That was close.
Boy, I should pay a lot more
attention to where I'm walking.
Look at this,
a mineral vein. Hmm?
[ground rumbling]
[screams]
Am I seeing
what I think I'm seeing?
I've struck oil!
[dramatic music playing]
Thanks for waiting.
We can begin now.
[wistful music playing]
My latest invention uses diodes
and a permanent magnet
to send super long
visual waves over the air.
-Hah!
-[both gasps]
[electric zapping]
[both] Amazing.
You certainly are a certified
genius, Jean. Great job!
Next one up is
a super cool excavator
that uses a heavy oil engine
and a hydraulic cylinder.
Hah!
[whirring]
[both] Amazing.
You certainly are a certified
genius, Jean. Great job!
My next one is a high speed
rotary recording machine.
It changes sound
into electric signals.
Hah!
[whirring]
[beeping]
[both] Amazing.
You certainly are a certified
genius, Jean. Great job!
Now I bring you
the amazing electronic brain
that can calculate
through an electrical interface.
Hah!
[clacking]
[electric zaps]
[both] Amazing.
You certainly are a certified
genius, Jean. Great job!
And now, a compression
propeller
that obtains
its propellant force
by burning jet fuel
in combination with the air.
-Hah!
-[both] Oh!
[whirring]
Now presenting
a laminated integrated circuit
made from silicone resins
found in everyday dirt.
-Hah!
-[both] Oh!
A construction robot
with pocket motor
and magnetic recording
repetition systems.
-Ha ha!
-[both] Wow.
[screams]
Allow me to present
an electromagnetic telephoto
antenna.
It receives radio
waves from space.
-Ah ha!
-[both gasp]
[both] Amazing.
You certainly are a certified
genius, Jean. Great job!
And now I give you
a graphite channel heart
that works
through isotope reaction.
-Whoa!
-[Nadia] Wow!
Get ready, my next invention
will turn night into day.
-[explosion]
-[Marie and Nadia gasp]
That's incredible, Jean.
I'd say you were a genius
but you're so much more!
Right. That's what I am.
A genius!
[birds chirping]
Now, the gateway
to your homeland.
What do you mean?
Your long awaited
journey begins now.
[whirring]
[dramatic music playing]
Etoile de la Seine 10,
you may launch on my mark.
Jean, have I told you lately
that you're a certified genius?
Setting autopilot, destination:
the African continent.
I can't believe
this is actually happening!
This is a dream come true.
-Thanks.
-Oh. You are wrong, Nadia.
This is actually my dream.
Where did King run off to?
He's still performing
in the circus in France.
No, he isn't.
We must have forgotten
him back on the island.
Oh, Jean.
We have to turn this thing
around
and bring King back with us.
I'm afraid it's too late
to turn around now, Nadia.
We're on autopilot.
But we have to
go back and get him.
I'm really sorry about this
but we can't cancel
the journey once it's begun.
Well then, I guess
I'll just have to do it myself.
-[clacking]
-Hey, don't you touch that.
-That's...
-[beeping]
...the self-destruct apparatus!
[zapping]
[Jean] It sets off
a gunpowder charge!
[explosion]
[Jean] Where am I?
My ship.
Nadia. Marie.
My invention
was a failure after all.
Why did it fail?
I always fail. I guess--
[Nemo] Don't ever give up.
[Jean] Captain Nemo! It's you.
[Nemo] Today's mistake
is tomorrow's breakthrough.
Develop your capacities with a
strong will and sense of belief.
[Jean] Captain.
[Nemo] Genius is 1% inspiration,
99% perspiration.
Those words were spoken
by the great American inventor
Thomas Edison.
Remember those words and
make Nadia's dream come true.
Wait, Commander Nemo.
[Nemo] Don't call me commander.
Captain!
Captain Nemo!
Huh?
Oh, I-- it was a dream.
[waterfall gushing]
King!
[Marie]
King must have gotten jealous.
[Nadia] Why do you think so?
Because of you and Jean.
He probably felt left out.
You think he knows?
Of course,
he does. He's all-knowing.
So do you think
you're in love with Jean?
I don't know.
-[Marie] You're so cute, Nadia.
-[Nadia] Why is that?
[Marie] Because you don't even
know what your own feelings are.
-[Nadia] Marie.
-[Marie chuckles]
Your face is turning red.
[Nadia] What? No,
it's not. It's the sunset.
Who taught you
about things like that anyway?
[Jean] Nadia!
Nadia!
[both] He found him!
[Maria chuckles]
Will you ever forgive me?
[King meowing]
What's the matter, huh?
Whenever I feel
happy, my glasses slip.
[Nadia] You're so peculiar.
[Jean] Because my glasses slip
whenever I'm happy?
[laughter]
[singing in Japanese]